[Music]
yes SEO is becoming harder
social media is becoming harder some of
the channels are declining
emails aren't as effective as they were
before it doesn't matter what it is
whether it's inbound or outbound you
spend a dollar can you make more
[Music]
how inbound marketing is changing but
also what you can do to counteract that
and what channels are worthy of pursuing
and we'll talk about that a little more
but Neil you have any thoughts on this
yes SEO is becoming harder social media
is becoming harder some of the channels
are declining emails aren't as effective
as they were before that happens with
all marketing channels including
television advertising including you
know uh running pay-per-click ads it
doesn't matter what it is the more
competitive something gets the harder
it's going to become to produce the same
Roi that's just normal but if companies
spend more resources on things like
conversion optimization which is not a
sexy topic and every time we talk about
it I blog about it I seen very few
people want to read about it but some of
those things solve a lot of the problems
and what we look at is inbound is less
effective than before because we're
still seeing a lot of companies generate
a massive Roi if they weren't we
wouldn't be in business
I look at marketing as a little bit
different
whether it's inbound or outbound it's
really simple for me
you spend a dollar whether dollars in ad
money or in time it doesn't matter but
you spend a dollar can you make more and
as long as you can make more than what
you're spending spend as much as you can
as long as it's profitable and for me it
really is that black and white the part
that's really changing though is
one companies are leveraging
multi-channel when they need to be
leveraging Omni Channel we're seeing
refunds go down when you leverage
omnichannel and create congruent
experiences Nike Disney they all do a
great job of this a lot of brands do not
but check them out if you want to end up
seeing Timberland uses uh near field
technology to make the in-store
experiences amazing you should check
them out as well that's the first big
change that we're seeing the second big
change that we're seeing is people are
doing the same thing that everyone else
is doing and it's not causing a great
Roi but the companies who are getting
creative whether it's not doing
influencer marketing like everyone else
but doing a partnership with an
influencer like Ryan Reynolds and giving
them equity in the business making them
part of the founding team and having
them really push the business and look
what happened with met or Mountain you
know those are all great examples of
getting creative and doing really well
in super competitive markets so those
are the two big changes that we're
seeing if I had to list out a third one
companies are using AI to become way
more efficient which is allowing them to
squeeze out more margins which is
allowing them to get a much better Roi
from their inbound marketing
Neil just mentioned the Omni Channel
approach and so instead of just relying
on an SEO you can look at where organic
reach is strong right now so organic
reach is strong on LinkedIn organic
reach is pretty good on Twitter and
organic reach is pretty good on shorts
you just got to decide a what are you
comfortable with where your audience is
hanging out and don't try to do
everything under the sun I'm just saying
that inbound marketing in its old form
maybe five to ten years ago how it used
to be understood it's rapidly changing
and a definition can't just be content
marketing SEO anymore it has to evolve a
little more now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much